Instruction Guide

This document describes the tasks that candidates must successfully complete to pass our screening process. 

Candidate Tasks

A)  Create Outline 

All candidates must create an outline about their chosen topic.  Topics must follow our outline format. Please create the outline in Google Docs and name it according to this format:  [YourName-Outline]. For example, [AnnetteMarlette-Outline]. 
 
B) Create Sample Project

Each candidate should create a starter and final sample project appropriate for the topic.  It should follow the Sample Project Guidelines. Please name your starter sample project according to this format:  [YourName--SP]. For example, [AnnetteMarlette-SP]. 
 
Please name your final sample project according to this format: [YourName-FP]. For example, [AnnetteMarlette-FP]. 
 
C) Create Mini-Tutorial

All candidates must write a mini-tutorial about their topic. The word count is 500 words. It should follow the guidelines in the writing guide. Please name your mini-tutorial according to this format: [YourName-Team-MT]. For example, [AnnetteMarlette-MT]. 
 
D) Read and Follow Guides and Instructions

Candidates must read and follow all of the guides listed in the provided materials sent to them. This is as important as creating the outline, sample project, and mini-tutorial. The candidate must comply with all of the guides and instructions sent to them.
 
E) Screenshots

All candidates must include the required number of screenshots to help explain the mini-tutorial.  These screenshots must adhere to the specifications in the guides. The number of screenshots required will be set by the Team Lead. 
 
F) Demonstrate All Skills on Project Skills Checklist

It’s very important that the candidate incorporates all skills listed on the Project Skills Checklist provided to them.  The candidate will be graded on how many of these they complete correctly. 
 
G) Submit Materials/Delivery of Materials

Each candidate has two weeks to complete their project. The recruiter will send you a specific date. There are no extensions except for true emergencies. Turning it in late is considered an automatic failure. You will not be sent due date reminders.
 
All candidates should submit their starter and final projects in a zip file. The outline and written mini-tutorial should be sent in Google Docs.  These materials should be emailed to the recruiter.
  
We will grade the project and send the results to the candidate as soon as possible.   
 
Good Luck! We hope you are successful!

